[narrator] It is said that
every several hundred years,
the goddess Athena
is reincarnated.
And now a new Athena
has been born into this world,
but, this time,
under a dark prophecy
that she will lead
mankind to ruin.
The warriors who protected
the goddess Athena
were known as Knights.
Today, a new generation
of Knights
control the fate of the world.
They are called
the Knights of the Zodiac.
["Pegasus Seiya" playing]
♪ Hold it in your heart ♪
♪ Cosmo is a part of you ♪
♪ Burning hot, gotta flow
Don’t you stop it, let it go ♪
♪ Prophesies are made
And galaxies are far from here ♪
♪ But you don’t need them now
Stay strong and believe what you feel ♪
♪ Pegasus, this destiny
No one can take it away from you ♪
♪ Now your home is the sky
And your dreams are the wings ♪
♪ They’re gonna take you high ♪
♪ Saint Seiya ♪
♪ Signs out there keep calling ♪
♪ Forever
We will stand with you ‘til the end ♪
♪ Ooh, yeah ♪
♪ They say that
All boys are born true fighters ♪
♪ Remember you can do this
Then fly away ♪
[music ends]
[narrator]
Previously on Saint Seiya...
Then I now hereby designate you
as Knights of Athena.
Onyx Ryu-Sei-Ken!
[groans]
Onyx Shield!
[Shaun] Their weak point
is the back of their necks!
[both groan]
[Seiya] I'll be fine.
Go find Nero.
Hello, Master Mu.
Greetings, Master Dohko.
You know why I'm here?
I suppose you have come
to ask me
about the Bronze Knights.
You want to know
if we should intervene.
With all due respect,
Master Dohko,
what they're fighting for
is too important
to let them do it alone.
[breathes deeply]
Patience, Master Mu.
Time will tell us
whether we should get involved.
Time? Master Dohko,
time is running out.
And what do you know
about time, Mu?
You're young
and too eager to act.
[Dohko sighs]
Very well.
There is something you can do.
What's that?
Hope.
But hope doesn't win battles.
I see your plans, Mu,
and they will come to no good,
no good at all.
[fire crackling]
Are you after me,
or are you after the Gold Armor?
Doesn't matter.
You never should have
come here in the first place.
Now you have to die.
[Long] You first!
[both gasp]
What are you doing?
He's my brother.
He's my responsibility.
I'll deal with him.
Deal with me?
You've got no idea what I am,
what I can do, who I've become.
I know something awful
happened to you,
something that changed you from
my caring big brother into this.
Nero, I can feel your hate!
My hate is power.
Hate makes you do
what needs to be done,
like kill your own sister.
All right. If killing me
will help you become
the person you used to be,
then don't let me stop you.
Go for it.
-Shaun!
-You're crazy.
After all you did for me
when I was little,
I owe you my life at the least.
He'll kill you, Shaun!
I can feel it.
He's my brother.
I have to believe in him.
You're wrong about me, Sis.
I'm all bad now! [grunts]
[groans]
[Magnus] You bastard!
[Nero] Now you're
getting the idea.
[both groan]
[Nero] Pathetic.
I used to be
your brother, Shaun,
but that Nero died years ago.
I don't believe you.
It was the worst day of my life
when you left.
I won't lose you again!
Wrong. Today is
the worst day of your life.
You're about to relive
your worst memory over and over
until your psyche
is ripped to shreds.
Take this!
Phoenix Phantom!
Diamond Dust!
[Shaun] What is this?
I made a wall of ice
with my Diamond Dust
to block his attack.
Wait. What happened to Nero?
[groaning]
[man] Feel it, Nero.
Feel the hate.
[yells]
How long have you been
on Death Queen Island, Nero?
F-Four years, Sensei.
[scoffs] "Sensei"?
Hah!
Polite budo crap!
It's been four years,
and you still don't understand
what you need to become strong!
It's hate, pure, burning hate
for your opponent, your enemy!
Don't look at me as your master!
Throw away things
like honor and compassion.
Focus on taking down the enemy
standing in front of you!
Until you give
your heart to hate,
you'll never be
the Phoenix Knight
and never be
the strongest Bronze Knight!
Pathetic.
[volcano rumbles]
Nero.
Esmerelda? Why are you here?
Are you okay?
I'm sorry my father
always treats you badly.
Don't feel sorry for me.
You should leave
before you get hurt.
Don't worry about me.
Rest, Nero.
[yells]
[master grunts]
You still don't understand!
[groans]
How many times
do I have to tell you?
It's hate, pure hate!
[groans]
You still don't get it.
-How about this?!
-[groaning]
My father
wasn't always like this.
He was really strict,
but never like this.
Really?
Yeah. Then, one day,
a stranger showed up here.
That's when
he started wearing the mask.
My father
had completely changed.
I don't know who he was
or where he came from,
but, Nero, if you continue
training like this,
eventually you're gonna die.
Don't worry. I won't die.
No, I can't die.
No matter what happens,
I have to get the Phoenix Armor.
Nero.
I can face whatever it takes
to become a Knight.
Since I was sent here,
my resolve
hasn't changed at all.
Why? Why on Earth
must you become a Knight?
I think you should leave.
What?
Getting involved with me
will just get you in trouble.
You're my master's
only daughter.
Don't worry about me.
Huh. What's this flower?
I found it.
Beautiful, isn't it?
It's the same color
as your hair.
[chuckles]
Nero, well, if you
have to become a Knight,
don't let it change you.
[Nero] Hmm.
[volcano rumbling]
-[blow strikes]
-[groans]
Six years,
and you've never defeated me.
-Now today is your last chance.
-[growls]
Kill me, and become
the Phoenix Knight,
or stain the ground of Death
Queen Island with your blood!
[groans]
[gasps] Nero!
[master] Feel that hate, Nero.
Let it harden your heart
like sapphire.
-[joints popping]
-[screams]
Hate the parents who left you,
the sister who abandoned you.
Hate me for beating you nearly
to death every single day.
Hate, Nero!
Hate the whole unfair,
uncaring world!
[yelling]
You fool,
why can't you finish me?
I-I don't know.
You failed, Nero.
You will never be
the Phoenix Knight.
But I still have
one last lesson to teach you!
-[Esmerelda screams]
-[Nero] Huh?
[Nero gasping]
Nero.
Esmerelda!
Esmerelda.
Don't be like my father.
What are you saying?
Nero.
Hold on. Esmerelda!
Be a phoenix,
and fly with the wings.
No. No.
Be the phoenix.
Esmerelda.
[sobbing]
[Nero screams] No!
[master] Stupid girl.
She never should have
followed you here.
Why? She was
your one and only daughter.
What does that matter?
I threw away all compassion
the day I put on this mask.
Nero, do you not understand?
-You killed Esmerelda.
-[gasps]
You didn't finish me.
You're weak.
That is why she died.
[gasps]
You... demon.
You're a demon.
I hate you.
I hate you!
[master gasps]
The flames behind Nero's back,
that must be...
I hate you!
[master] a phoenix!
[Nero roars]
[groans]
That's right, Nero.
That's the hate!
[Nero screams]
[master] Near the fire mountain,
you will find the Phoenix Armor.
Your hate has killed me,
but it has killed you, too.
Nero is dead.
Now you've become what the real
Phoenix was supposed to be.
[mask sizzles]
Finally, I have
the Phoenix Armor,
the strongest Armor.
Now I'm invincible!
-[man] Hmph.
-Huh?
I doubt that.
Who said that?
What's happening? Where am I?
[Nero winces]
What a strong Cosmo.
My name is Shaka.
I heard someone
was training a demonic Knight
with hate inside him,
and I came here to punish him.
Tell me, are you that Knight?
What are you going to do
if I say yes?
It appears that things
are a little different
from what I'd heard.
I don't see a demon.
You're just a child trying
to hide your sense of justice,
pushing it down deep inside.
Adorable.
You underestimate me!
Eat this!
What? How did you do that?
-[tone ringing]
-Agh! My head!
[gasping]
Phoenix Knight,
never forget that there is
always someone above you.
I'm leaving now.
You will forget
everything that happened here,
and my name will also
be gone from your memory.
But if there ever comes a time
when you stand before me
as my enemy,
you will relive this memory
together with your fear.
Wait!
The last thing I remember is--
Huh?
Esmerelda.
Seems like he was the one
who relived his worst memory.
Yeah.
Nero.
This will finish you, Nero.
Our battle is over.
[Nero] Did you really think I could
get hit by my own attack?
-What?
-I've been through a lot.
There's nothing left in me
for the Phoenix Phantom to break.
Now to make your nightmare!
We fight as one, as a team.
Yup, together.
[groans] Fine. Together.
Nebula Chain!
Lúshān shēnglóng bà!
Diamond Dust!
[yells]
-Impossible.
-How?
[both groan]
[Nero] Once I've seen an attack,
I know how to counter it.
-[gasps]
-[both groan]
Nero, you don't have to do this!
Let go of your hate!
My hate makes me strong.
Now I'll use that hate
to destroy you.
Stop this!
We should be fighting together
for Athena, not for Guraad!
Shut up!
[groans]
I don't give a damn
about Athena,
and I don't give a damn
about Guraad.
[Magnus] Long, Shaun...
if we die, we die together.
Together as one.
Wouldn't have it any other way.
[Nero] Stop pestering me,
you half-dead maggots.
I'll blow you away with
one wing flap of the Phoenix!
Phoenix Rising!
[all groan]
It's time I end you.
-[Seiya] Not yet, Nero.
-Hmm?
Seiya?
So you're alive, barely.
You healed yourself, but you
used all your Cosmo to do it.
Now you can't
even wear your Armor.
With Armor or without
makes no difference to me, Nero.
Anywhere. Anytime.
I'm gonna take care
of you first, Seiya.
The rest will be taken later,
along with my little sister.
Some of us would give our life
for our sister.
You want to give up your life?
That can be arranged.
-[grunts]
That won't work on me!
[yells]
You think you're the only one
who's gone through hell?
Every one of us has suffered,
but you're the only one
-who let it turn you to hate!
-Shut your mouth!
[grunts]
[yells]
[Nero] Quit being so preachy.
If you wanna stop me,
you'll have to kill me.
You're gonna regret
that you confronted me
without your armor.
You stubborn bastard.
[speaking softly] Your Cosmo
brought you back from hell
once today, Seiya.
It won't do it again.
[Nero] Now die!
Phoenix Rising!
[gasps]
Huh?
That's impossible.
The Gold Armor protected Seiya.
It's like the Armor
is acting on its own.
Thanks. You've done enough.
I'll take it from here.
Hah! Stupid to give up
your last hope like that.
Look at you.
You spent all your Cosmo
fighting to live,
and now you've got nothing left.
This will finish you.
[yells]
-[clang]
-What?
Is this...
My friend, you are not alone.
Long!
Wearing just a shield
doesn't change anything.
I'll tear your mind apart!
Phoenix Phantom!
What?
Seiya, use our Cosmo.
[Seiya chuckles]
You dare? You little half-dead--
[Seiya] You think your hate
makes you powerful, Nero?
Well, our friendship
makes us more powerful,
all of us together.
Then with my full Cosmo,
I can blow it all away!
Phoenix Rising!
[yells]
Impossible.
Deflected only with his palm?
This is the power of friendship!
Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
[Nero] Ryu-Sei-Ken
is taking Magnus's power.
[yells]
Such Cosmo!
[screams]
[Nero] So this is
the power of friendship.
[thud]
Thank you, everyone.
-[rumbling]
-[gasps]
[Long] The volcano,
it's collapsing. Let's go!
I'm not leaving without Nero!
Go, Shaun. Leave.
I'll die like I lived, alone.
You were never alone.
Your sister was with you
the whole time,
and she's not leaving.
Look! The Gold Armor!
We need to get out of here now!
-[Seiya] Run!
-[Long] Look out!
[groans] This ash is
gonna make my armor filthy.
We've got a job to do,
find Seiya's body,
and confirm he
and his little friends are dead.
Are you coming, Marin?
[Marin] I'll be right there.
["Somebody New" playing]
♪ Believe me, I'm speechless ♪
♪ I wish that I could say those words ♪
♪ You whispered so sweetly ♪
♪ And maybe I'll regret this
but I've gotta be honest ♪
♪ Cause we made a promise,
I won't break it now ♪
♪ I wish I could hold you ♪
♪ But how could I be so unfair ♪
♪ To lead us to nowhere? ♪
♪ We've both been down that road before ♪
♪ And if it should end us
please know that I'm helpless ♪
♪ I've made up my mind ♪
♪ It's not that I don't feel
the feelings you do ♪
♪ It's just my heart's not ready yet ♪
♪ For something so soon, yeah ♪
♪ For somebody new ♪
[music ends]